Update `Tabs` usage guidelines (#1526)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/tabs/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### When to use

- To move between different views within the same context.

!!! Do

Use Tabs to break up content that is related to each other and is on the same hierarchical level.

![Tab usage example](/assets/components/tabs/tab-usage-example-01.png)
!!!

### When not to use

- For navigation, consider [SideNav](/components/side-nav), [Standalone Links](/components/link/standalone), or [Breadcrumb](/components/breadcrumb).
- As a stepper or progress bar for multi-step workflows, consider a stepper, using the [Stepper Indicator](/components/stepper).
- To see multiple content areas at the same time or to fully collapse the content area, use [Accordion](/components/accordion).

!!! Dont

> Don't use Tabs for primary or secondary navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use Tabs for primary or secondary navigation.
```

![Tab usage example](/assets/components/tabs/tab-usage-example-02.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use Tabs for sequential content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use Tabs for sequential content.
```

![Tab usage example](/assets/components/tabs/tab-usage-example-03.png)
!!!

## Tab best practices

!!! Dont

> We don't recommend using a singular Tab; instead consider using a heading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don’t recommend using a singular Tab; instead consider using a heading. 
```

![Tabs with only one tab](/assets/components/tabs/tab-behavior-single-button.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't trigger a Tab change via an external action, such as a submit or next button. Tab changes should only be triggered by the Tab itself as that is the expected user interaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t trigger a Tab change via an external action, such as a submit or next button. Tab changes should only be triggered by the Tab itself as that is the expected user interaction. 
```

- For navigation, consider navigation, [Standalone Links](/components/link/standalone), or [Breadcrumb](/components/breadcrumb).

### Usage examples

!!! Do

Use Tabs to break up content that is related to each other and is on the same hierarchical level.

![Tab usage example](/assets/components/tabs/tab-usage-example-01.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use Tabs to take the user to a new URL or as a primary or secondary navigation.

Reviewer 2: FWIW, a query param is technically a new URL, and that's how we use our tabs component in our own docs (i.e., https://helios.hashicorp.design/components/modal?tab=code) 

I wonder if there's a different way to word this?

Reviewer 3: While the Helios website tabs and the HDS tabs differ, I addressed this in another round of iterations.
